you're watching UNICEF television unicef
goodwill ambassador David Beckham has
just finished visiting Sierra Leone a
country where more than one in four
children die before reaching their fifth
birthday he was traveling with UNICEF to
focus attention on the issue of child
survival his visit came in the run-up to
the release of UNICEF's flagship report
the state of the world's children which
cites Sierra Leone is having the highest
rate of infant mortality in the world
Beckham's first doc was a health clinic
outside of McKenney he talked with
Mariana Jala who just gave birth to a 3
kilogram baby girl the day before
Beckham even had the honor of
administering the baby's first polio
drops on Beckham's way to another stop
young fans ran alongside his vehicle
snapping photos of their hero despite
the fun this tour had a serious purpose
David Beckham's visit is important for
two reasons one it gives visibility to a
country that has been in war for a long
period of time but that is emerging from
the war and that needs all the attention
that it had also during the war period
it is also important for unicef's global
health agenda you know that child
survival is one of the top priorities of
unitive in the world well focusing on
Channel Sierra Leone is focusing on the
country with the highest under-five
mortality the country with the highest
maternal mortality so his visit will
help also supporting our global drive to
improve the health of children and women
as Beckham witness part of that help
involves getting pregnant women and
young children insecticide-treated bed
nets teaching proper hygiene is also
crucial
another important tool in Sierra Leone
is community outreach like in the use of
this mobile nurse who delivers care to
people with no way of getting to a
health clinic at the therapeutic feeding
center Beckham met children who are
devastated by severe malnutrition 25
children are treated each month and each
one has a tough story two-year-olds
einem showed up unable to walk three
months later progress has been made but
slowly five-year-old food II had
swallowed a chemical that scarred his
throat and prevented him from eating
solid food for months so what does
Beckham think about his visit to Sierra
Leone for the first visit was early this
morning where we visited different
villages and also different doctor sir
sort of surgeries where you know a lot
of the people go and get tested for HIV
or you know and you know find out about
their pregnancy and if the past you know
the the disease on and things like that
and then we went to another village
which was also pretty interesting it was
just a small village but where you know
where a baby had been delivered two
nights ago so that was special and I
went down there and go some of the
vaccines that they need and also some of
the drops that the babies need as well
so it's been interesting so far and now
we've arrived here whereas the
malnutrition Center David Beckham knows
the strength of teamwork he also knows
it will take a community-based approach
to significantly reduce the number of
children who die before their fifth
birthday this is Thomas Nybo reporting
for UNICEF television in mckenny Sierra
Leone unite for children